long path fail doc add (#257)
PowerGridModel/power-grid-model: docs/advanced_documentation/build-guide.md

pip install -e .[dev]
pytest
```
```{note}

> Using long path for miniconda environment location for the installation might lead to crossing the `maximum path length limitation` set by windows.
> This might cross the installtion to fail.
> It is then possible to enable long paths in windows or alternatively place the environment in a small path location.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Long paths for (dependencies in) the miniconda installation environment might exceed the `maximum path length limitation` set by Windows, causing the installation to fail.
It is possible to enable long paths in Windows by following the steps in the [Microsoft documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/fileio/maximum-file-path-limitation?tabs=registry)
```

it is probably a bad idea to suggest changing the miniconda path, because any dependency (especially those developed on Unix) could exceed the default maximum path length by itself, even without the miniconda environment
